---
title: Internet Poker Booms as Players Hunt for Action in Record Time
date: 2022-12-13 20:48:44
categories:
- Games
tags:
---


#  Internet Poker Booms as Players Hunt for Action in Record Time

Online poker has boomed in recent years, with players logging in to hunt for action and big payouts in record time. This is thanks in part to the ever-growing industry of tournament poker, which has seen an influx of new players thanks to the publicity generated by televised events such as the World Series of Poker (WSOP).

The growth in online poker has also been helped by the increasing number of countries that have legalized the game. In many cases, this has led to the establishment of regulated markets that are tightly controlled and offer a safe and secure environment for players. This improved security is one of the key reasons why online poker continues to grow in popularity, as players are able to enjoy their games without worrying about being scammed or hacked.

In addition, online poker sites have become increasingly innovative, with a wide range of games and formats now available. This means that players can find something to suit their individual style, no matter what type of poker they prefer. Whether you’re a fan of Texas Hold’em or like to dabble in other variants such as Omaha or 7 Card Stud, there’s sure to be a site that caters for your needs.

So if you’re looking for some exciting online poker action, be sure to check out one of the many reputable sites that are currently available. You won’t be disappointed!

#  Internet Poker Players Smash the Hourly Record

On Sunday, May 6th, a new record was set for the most money won in an hour playing internet poker. The record of $611,840 was set by a group of players who were taking part in a $25/$50 no-limit hold’em cash game on PokerStars.

The previous record of $547,620 was held by American high stakes pro Isaac Haxton. This time however, it was a group of anonymous players from Europe who managed to take down the biggest pot in history.

The final hand saw three players all going all-in. Ulf ‘ulfgånger’ Puranen (Sweden) had A♣Q♣ and was up against Pedro ‘DrPeepee’ Veloso (Portugal) with J♦J♥ and Adrien ‘lilachaa’ Allain (France) holding A♥K♥. The board ran out 10♣8♠4♦9♦3♥ and Puranen’s pair of queens held up to give him the massive pot and the new hourly record.

This wasn’t the only big score on the day though. Earlier on in the same game, French player Allain had taken down a $290,000 pot when his A♦10♦ flopped trip aces against Puranen’s K♥J♠. This pot alone made up almost half of Allain’s total winnings for the session.

With online poker continuing to grow in popularity, it is only going to be a matter of time before this new record is broken again. In November 2017, Dan ‘JungleMAN12’ Cates took down a $636,000 pot during an hour stint at a $200/$400 Pot Limit Omaha game on PokerStars, so it is clear that there are plenty of big scores waiting to be made online.

#  $1,000,000 in Hands played in an Hour on Bovada Poker

On March 9, 2016, a new poker record was set when $1,000,000 was played in hands in an hour on the Bovada Poker website. This smashed the previous record of $667,000 that had been set in February of 2016.

The overwhelming majority of this action came from just two tables. The first table saw 567 hands played in just 60 minutes, with the second table seeing 443 hands played in 60 minutes. That means that over 83% of the total hands dealt in that hour were at those two tables!

At the top of the leaderboard was "PokerJesus" who won an impressive $154,000 during the hour. In second place was "BiggusDickus" who walked away with over $103,000 in profit. Other big winners included "Moses Malone", "shoeshineboy", and "DrNoLungs".

As could be expected, there were also plenty of losers during that hour. The biggest loser was "freddieflintstone" who lost over $193,000. "DeezNutz420" was close behind with losses totaling nearly $171,000.

So what can we learn from this record-breaking event? Well for one thing, it shows just how popular poker has become in recent years. With so much money on the line, it's no wonder that people are flock to these sites to take part in these high-stakes games.

Secondly, it demonstrates the importance of having a good strategy if you want to be successful at poker. If you're playing against opponents who are experienced and well-informed, then you need to be on your toes at all times. Otherwise you could quickly find yourself down a few thousand dollars!

Whether you're a beginner or an experienced player, it's always important to stay updated on the latest news and trends in the poker world. By doing so, you'll give yourself the best chance possible of winning big at the tables!

#  The Most Hands Played in an Hour on Bovada Poker is over 5,000

The record for the most hands played in an hour on Bovada Poker is 5,023. This was set by 'hustler901' on September 10, 2014.

Bovada Poker is one of the most popular online poker rooms available. The site offers a wide range of games and stakes for players of all skill levels.

The site is also home to some impressive poker records. The most hands played in an hour is just one example.

In September 2014, 'hustler901' set the record for the most hands played in an hour on Bovada Poker. He played 5,023 hands in just 60 minutes!

To put that into perspective, the average player would typically play around 200 hands in an hour. So hustler901 was playing more than 25 times the average!

It's not just the amount of hands that makes this such an impressive feat, but the speed at which they were played too. Hustler901 averaged over 83 hands per minute! That's more than 1 hand every second!

So what motivated hustler901 to set this record? Well, according to him, it was simply all about the challenge: "I did it because it was a challenge and I wanted to see if I could do it."

Despite setting this impressive record, hustler901 isn't resting on his laurels. He's already planning his next challenge: "My new goal is to break the 6,000 hand mark."

#  More than 5,000 Hands Played every Hour on Bovada Poker

It is no secret that online poker is one of the most popular card games in the world. What may come as a surprise to some, however, is just how popular it is. According to recent reports, more than 5,000 hands are played every hour on Bovada Poker.

In order to put that into perspective, consider that the average poker game lasts around four hours. That means that Bovada Poker sees an average of 20,000 hands being played every day. In a month, that comes out to around 600,000 hands!

What makes Bovada Poker so popular?

There are likely a number of factors contributing to Bovada Poker's popularity. For one thing, the site offers both real money and play money games, giving players the opportunity to hone their skills before risking any actual cash. Additionally, the site offers a wide variety of games and stakes, making it suitable for players of all skill levels.

Perhaps most importantly, though, Bovada Poker is trustworthy and reliable. Players can be confident that their funds are safe and that they will be paid out promptly when they win. This combination of features has helped make Bovada Poker one of the most popular online poker sites in the world.